## CSE110 Group 17 Team Tortellini Meeting Notes

Meeting Purpose: Regular progress check/ misc

Date: 2/10/2021

Start Time: 2:00PM

Location: Zoom (https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/96975473049Meeting)

|  Present |  Absent  |
| -------- | -------- |
|  Daniel  |          |
|          | Bryan    |         
|  Harry   |          |         
|  Bo      |          |         
|          |  Yuying  |         
|  Liam    |          |         
|  Evan    |          |         
|  Kenneth |          |         
|  Colby   |          |         

Agenda:
1. Progress Updates
   * Daniel: Reviewed wireframe, project pitch, CI/CD pipeline, worked on weekly presentation
   * Harry and Liam: Worked on assigned timer functionalities tasks together. Had midterm and worked on lab.
   * Bo: created CI/CD pipeline and simple http server.
   * Evan: reviewed wireframe, project pitch, CI/CI pipeline. Started working on task-list visual components.
   * Kenneth and Bryan: worked together on creating wireframe. 
      
2. CI Pipeline and workflow
   * After reviewing the pipeline, decided to allow both "devel/test/main" and "feature branches/milestones/main" repo structures. The only difference is that the former will not use pull request but should still run the manual tests and make sure codes are complete and safe. Members can choose based on prefferences. 
   * Repo structures should be tested out in the first sprint and changes may be suggested in later sprints.
   * Bo demonstrated workflow with issue [#34](https://github.com/ycyao216/cse110-w21-group17/pull/34)

3. Agile workflow:
   * Can either send issues to Daniel or directly raise issue in repo.
   * Decided to use daily-scrum channel on discord to exchange progress as frequently as possible. 
  
4. Testing:
   * Decided that unit tests of a feature should be made by the developers of the feature. 
   * Discussed about whether to let the testing group make more detailed tests. Did not adopt due to the simplicity of the project. Furthur discussions can be raised in the future as development goes. 


To Do:
- Continue working on the tasks assigned
- Send agile stories to Daniel

End Time: 3:15PM